no run on the next year I made a quick
update to my Dark Matter factory due to
recent changes to logistics fight by a
craft you just released is the new
version for the a mod called zero point
1 point 2 a which is basically his
newest version for the Alpha get new
pipe call the supplier pipe and our
first thing to say that if you don't
recognize this machine you're interested
in it it's basically a dark matter
factoring i'll put a link to the
original video tutorial if you're
interested just wanted to update you
guys that due to this new update it to
just expose the entire system became
fully automatic and doesn't require any
interference from the flare put simply
generate Dark Matter automatically and
efficiently and why is that is because
of the new supplier pipe he added into
the big game what does a flarup I'm does
is if you connect to chest or basically
any inventory like I get here to my
chest and you will interact with it with
a wrench you basically can get this new
gy and items to keep stopped what it
does is basically telling that no matter
what at all times I want to at least
let's say have at least 55 dirt in the
Indus inventory or connected to so
whatever and chest or other inventories
the system is routed to using a provider
pipes the system basically will
automatically every five seconds once
every five seconds we'll ask the entire
system quit first it will check if this
computer is lacking is required and if
it does do quest and reciting from the
system so what I live here is told them
to request and five dirt to always have
this harder
m24 came here here and you can already
see what's going on here then type to
use from the other chest see so let's
see it again let's take it out and give
us supplier pipe asks for dirty messages
so basically what they did to cooperate
with my machine all diamond out put in
place here in chest the diamond the
damage that are being transmuted into
dark matter are connected to its a
firefight supplying always at least five
damage to the chest and the rest of the
diamonds are going down here to another
supply pipe basically the one connected
to the relay which burns the dance down
which demand at least six damage the
entire time the difference between the
two pipes is intentional because the way
supply pipes work is they will only
requesting vettori they're connected to
whenever they can supply the type thing
so it's more important that you'll have
an epidemic difference with the knee
that you then you being damaged it
you're burning interview so this way
everything is being stopped all the time
and basically it's self sufficient and
that's it Thank You time